Alright, so can you tell me the basics of what you do with the Boy Scouts at Fullmont Scout Range around Apollo 13? Yes, what I do at the Jamboree is I introduce them to the situation where they've been hired as consultants to help answer strategic questions that allowed the Apollo 13 astronauts to survive. The first question I ask them is, after the explosion, should they turn around the capsule and blast to try to come back to Earth? Or should they just change the trajectory to the automatic return orbit? The second question I ask is, once they realize the power has gone in the command module and it's getting colder and colder, should they stay in the command module when it's really cold, or should three people try to squeeze into the lunar module? I call that the "freeze or squeeze" option. It actually turns out one of the astronauts decided to stay in the command module, but shortly decided that he couldn't sleep in there because it was too cold for him to get to sleep. The drawback on the squeeze option was they were so crowded that if any of them moved any of their arms or legs, it impacted the others. So they were actually not able to sleep in the lunar module, and so sleep deprivation was added as another constraint on what could be done. The next thing I asked about was the situation with the carbon dioxide scrubber, where they had the scrubber in the lunar module was running out of capacity, and once the carbon dioxide level hit 15%, it would be deadly. They had a scrubber module from the command module that was pretty much unused, but unfortunately one of the scrubbers was round and the other one was cubic. So they had to come up with a way of having the command module scrubber fit in the lunar module. So I asked the scouts if they had any idea on how to make that happen, or if they would be in a team on Earth and put them in a conference room with all of the non-used equipment that was in the Apollo 13 and have them come up with a jury-rigged idea on how to do it. I then talked to them about the fact that the calculation showed that based on the speed they were going, that they would run out of oxygen and die before they ended up coming into the Earth orbit, and I asked them what they should do about that. The correct answer was they should have another burn of their rockets to increase their speed so that they would land on Earth while they were still alive. What's the information that the kids get about those situations that helped them make the decision? On the first one I talked about the fact that one of the limiting things about possibly turning around is that they were going about 24,000 miles an hour so that they'd have to basically stop going the 24,000 miles and start going the other way. Also, since the command module had suffered an explosion, if they used the command module rockets, might the whole thing explode in space since the command module could no longer handle the stress. On the question of whether they'd freeze or not, I simply talked about the fact that the lunar module was built for two people, crowded, and so to put three people in there was very hard. On the speeding up, I mentioned that I just gave them the problem and asked them to think for a while and then I'd help. Another question I gave them was, in order to re-enter Earth, they had none of their oxygen fuel, but there was battery power in the command module. The command module didn't have enough battery power for re-entry, but the lunar module had some extra battery power. I asked them how they could use that. Usually they couldn't figure it out, and then I'd say to them on Earth, "If your battery is dead, what do you do to try to get it running again?" They'll mention that they jump-started, and what the astronauts did is they actually made a connection between the lunar module battery and the command module battery to charge it up again. Got it. So there's kind of a timeline of events, and as the timeline of events progresses, at key moments in the mission there are key decisions, and that's when they engage. Exactly. What I do with the scouts is, after they had gone through a number of decisions and eventually made the right answer, they'd get a business-sized card that on one side said, "I helped save the Apollo 13 astronauts at the National Scout Jamboree," and on the other side there was a color picture of the Apollo 13 landing on Earth. That's cool. And it shoots. All right, so if we're going to make this into an interactive application or maybe an additional resource, maybe there's kind of a full page for each one of the situations. Maybe there's like an animation that follows the mission through key points, and then when they get to a decision point it kind of expands to include a bunch of supplementary information or different kind of interactive pieces. Yes, and it would help if there were also illustrations provided, like in the beginning. They start in a free-return slingshot orbit, but then when things are looking well, they change into a lunar orbit insertion, and then after the explosion they have to determine if they're going to go back to the free-return orbit or turn around. So an illustration of that would be helpful. An illustration of the seating in the command and lunar module would be helpful to show how crowded they would have to be in the lunar module. Go ahead. All right, let's start there. And also if there were sketches available showing the modules used for the carbon dioxide cleaning, that might help them visualize just what was there. Interesting. So we could use like SVGs for some of that, which is a vector graphics format. We could show some kind of model of the orbit, and overall there's the timeline of events that transpires, and then at key moments there's decision points. So it'd be interesting to kind of expand from there. I think for starters, pulling some additional supplementary information about the mission and the mission timeline, maybe from Wikipedia, something like that, could be helpful to kind of fill out the rest of what happened. All right, let's start there.